[Music]
well this is the Bavaria 40 naughty tech
a new here at the Cannes show and she's
been designed for comfortable safe
cruising particularly for the
Mediterranean market
now what Bavaria have done is put a
great deal of emphasis on the
sociability of this catamaran they've
redesigned the lounge area and made this
copied area much more sociable the
Bavaria 40 is available in two distinct
options this option has the owner's
cabin where the whole of this hull is
dedicated to the owner with all suite
facilities but you can get it with four
cabins to allow for couples to live
together quite happily decor is very
nice light woods nice light overhead
ceiling there and the air conditioning
is great being a cache Ram of course
there are two separate helm positions
all the controls of the boat are here on
this Brooks and gatehouse touch screen
there's a lovely view forward and it's a
great socialising area your guests your
crew are just there you can hold a
conversation with them the real
advantage of a catamaran is the sheer
amount of deck space you get what a
lovely area for just lounging you're
catching the Rays the net has two Sun
lounges on it and if you like watching
dolphins there's two little dolphin
watching seats very easy to sail and
very easy to maneuver